That's the Ten Tails'... Jinchuriki!
The Ten Tails' Jinchuriki
The Ten Tails disappeared?
What's going on? Did they defeat it?
No...
Hinata! Did you see it?
Yeah!
Can you explain what happened?
Ten Tails was completely absorbed into that man.
Based on looking at its chakra.
Don't tell me...
That's the Ten Tails'...
Jinchuriki?
What is this?!
This is bad. Jinchuriki, huh?
He looks even creepier than before!
Obito...
Naruto... How can you tell he's a Jinchuriki?
I've become friends with the Tailed Beasts.
They gave me some of their chakra earlier,
so it's obvious to me.
I could sense the Tailed Beasts' chakra getting sucked into Obito
one after the other.
Plus, I've seen Nagato do that Six Paths Rebirth Jutsu before.
But the signs he was weaving were completely different!
Anyway, he was performing the jutsu
to become a Jinchuriki all this time.
I see...
Eight-o! Is that the final form?
No, it's not.
It's hard to explain, but that isn't it.
Looks like Ten Tails was used to create a Jinchuriki
before it reached its final form.
Even if you have become a Jinchuriki,
the Gracious Deity Gates are still in play.
Whoa! Amazing!
No...
The Sage Art Seal that suppressed the Ten Tails was...
Such power...
What?!
Impossible!
The Four Crimson Rays Formation!
Is it just me,
or is he stronger than when he was gigantic?
Before, it was just throwing its power around.
But now, it's learned to focus it.
Everyone, keep your guard up!
We don't know what that man,
who made the Ten Tails' power his own, might do!
He's broken the barrier!
Enough! Obito, stop this!
O...bi...to?
I'll be blunt. This guy is stronger than me!
No offense, but it appears so.
Even if you reabsorb your remaining clones,
you're no match, Elder Brother!
I know.
However...
It would be fun to watch all the Hokage beg for mercy,
but I cannot wait any longer.
Obito is now just like the Sage of Six Paths.
I can't let him take the lead before I use my trump card.
What's happened?
He's so fast!
Saru! Fourth! Scram!
This is Lord Second's attack plan!
– Elder Brother! – Mm-hmm!
EXPLODE
Minato, get away!
Lord Second, you sure work fast!
Flying Raijin Jutsu!
I suspected that might not be enough to kill you...
I created the Reanimation Jutsu,
as well as ancillary jutsu to go with it.
Though this is the first time I'm using it on myself.
There it is! The Lord Second's special...
Tandem Explosive Tags!
This is how it's done!
Each tag summons more tags, resulting in continuous explosions.
Concentrated and focused consecutive explosions!
This is too much! What's going on? I can't keep up!
Don't freak out!
Always keep one eye on what's happening around you!
I don't care if that is the Jinchuriki of the Ten Tails!
The Lords Hokage are engaged in battle!
We have to join them!
Don't be hasty! We need to—!
All of you! You must not approach heedlessly!
What is he?
He's solid and swift.
And he has an attack that turns all to dust in an instant!
Shuriken Shadow Clones!
It's similar to Ohnoki's Particle Style, but its shape is fluid.
It can shift to be either offensive or defensive.
And can be continuously maintained.
I suspect it's a combination of more than four Changes in Chakra Nature!
This is more than a Kekkei Genkai or even a Kekkei Touta...
But there seems to be a time limit to how long
he can use each Change in Chakra Form.
Gramps!
Dad! You couldn't teleport Grandpa Third with your jutsu too?
It's impossible. I can't teleport anything that I myself,
or my chakra isn't touching directly.
Calm down, Naruto.
The Hokage are Reanimations.
They intentionally attacked head-on knowing that they won't die,
in order to check out the enemy's moves and abilities.
Stop worrying and analyze the battle instead.
So that's Sasuke... He's extremely smart.
Although it still takes a while for a Reanimation to regenerate.
I'll go first and create an opening!
At this point, I feel the need to...
I'm done waiting, Hashirama!
W-What's going on?
I get it...
Ten Tails hasn't completely synched with its Jinchuriki yet.
This is our chance to take it down!
I'll summon my original here then!
It's been a while, but it's time
for my Rasen-Flash Super-Circle Dance Howl Stage Three!
Gamakichi! Below you!
He passed underground! It's just his upper body!
Damn it!
Sasuke...
You're not the one...
...who's going to sever the past. I am!
I hope this makes it in time!
Flying Raijin Jutsu!
My markings on Obito disappeared?
Damn it!
Owww... I thought we were going to die!
I can't teleport anything that I myself,
or my chakra isn't touching directly.
Looks like my boy is as accomplished as Sasuke.
Now then...
He's just like a snake.
What is that?
We have to take him down
while he's still unable to use his body well.
Was he after your clone just now, Dad?
No, I don't think that was it...
What? What happened?!
He hit himself with his own attack.
His attack missed.
Seems Obito's consciousness is merely clinging
to Ten Tail's great power.
He barely has any control over it.
I'm glad he missed us,
because if it hit us, we'd be dead!
We can't approach him carelessly.
This time, I'll get
the Rasen-Flash Super-Circle Dance Howl Stage Three in for sure!
I'll create an opening,
so you two hit him immediately with your strongest combo!
Rin...
Of course, I'm going to be the Hokage!
Rin!
And then... I won't have any time for girls!
Right, Sensei?
Here I come, Obito!
Who...are...you?
Finally, Sensei...
Damn it!
Dad!
Naruto, focus!
He got me, but I'm okay!
I used Flying Raijin to escape.
Are you sure about that?
When did he...?!
I see! He attached it to me so it would teleport along with me!
Even a small power can be helpful,
because there may come a time when it will be needed.
It all depends on how it's used.
Our power could change the course of this world.
We can't afford to relax and let our guard down
even for one second!
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: "An Opening"
Shikamaru, you would make a great Hokage.
AN OPENING Tune in again!